after
face
face allah drought
after
the new vote would be good touareg
three weeks before his presence at the Geneva fair
one of a kind bar
two templates remains about the same as the previous one
three to four centimeters
exactly able to learn from the environment
on the other hand
he dropped 2 centimeters in height
and the width almost similar old
which gives it a little more posed look on the road then the three or
four-centimeter winner sellers profit the German or
again
finally passers selling seats the 700 liters
in the cockpit the big novelty of the new touareg is irresponsible
a sliding bench 160 millimeters
which allows from before
to enjoy a better modularity
of course the old
the highlight of the show for power and that's its hybrid version one
long waited
he finally 330 days
it's the parallel hybrid you want entirely electric but not
long time
it has a box the reports or automatic
as on the new audi a8 consumption is in less than nine
minutes
exactly 185 grams of CO2 per km which makes a little discomfort and for the
price
we do not know
for the engine
at launch
we obviously have the hybrid as a novelty on the other hand vanishes from the
catalog
tdi around 5am we will not look too much
it will be replaced by a tight bestseller at the end of the year for the rest of
the range of engines it evolves not bateman eq the heart of the range the v6 tdi
240 horses
vast program virtually unchanged the second-generation Tuareg
arriving in France
at the earliest beginning of May and at the latest at the end of July
so we'll say at the beginning of the summer
no
it's sad